This document is for HgP's ZZ-Soft's Easy Html Editor---


Help:

contents:

Easy Html
 Visual Webpage Studio (VWS)
   Known Bugs
     Other STuff



1. Easy Html

Easy Html ( everything BUT VWS ) is a been made for easy access, 
simple creation of webpages , and has a friendly enviorment.
----------

Easy Html should already be easy to use and understand.but for
those completely lost , or just plain stupid people , they can
resport to this help file.

[Help With saving....]

To save you file , click menu at the top and goto save as...it should 
be normal from their.

or you can use the toolbar  click on the picture of the foppy!

[help with opening....]

there are many diffrent types of file you can edit with easy html.
go to the file menu , and select open.

there is a dropdown menu located near the bottom of the open dialog , 
click the dropdown arrow , and you may select the type of file
you are looking for. from .html or .htm pages ( default ) to 
 any file you wish! ( by sellecting all files )

[snippets section help....]

the snippets section provides you witha few example of things you can do
in html other than plain ordinary webpages. it also has a big list of
diffrent tags. to use the tags....

1.tags
click " Html tags--------> "
and a list of tags shgould appear in the list box to the right
double click the wanted tag , and it will be inserted to you last cursor
position in your document.

2.views examples
just click the examples name you want , and the built in webbrowser will 
naviigate to it.

3.seeing how the examples are done...
click the "8" beside the wanted example

[quick tags help]
 this is just for easy access to some commonly used tags!

[tool bar help]
the tool bar is for easy access to a few diffrent parts of easy html
this is NOT avalible in VWS.

[the web browser]
You can use this to sur the net or to preview your work!
when you are done previewing click the X , the one below the top one.
or click the button beside the webbrowser buttons.

[script editor]
you can use this to make scripts for your sites , like visual
basic scripts  , perl scripts , or java scripts. there
are some neat features included in this.

[quick google search]
Usaly when you need hemp with html , you go to a search engine and
search for what you need right? well we all know google is the
fastest and best search engine so we made this. bring this up
and type what you wanna search for.then it will simply
open the built in webbrowser and search for what you want!

[source retriever]
using this you can goto a website using source retriver and 
even before the sites loaded , it will get the source code
( the html  , javascript or vbscript ).you can use this to
learn how to many things.



-------------------


visual webpage studio ( VWS )

youre thinking " why is this even here , its useless!  "
but in fact its not.
visual webpage studio or VWS  has some advantages over easy html and
some disadvantages.
---------
Advantages:

it has a built in split view and auto refresh so you always previewing
you page.

you can edit it while previewing it


------------
disadvantages :


MDI form not avalible ( cant have more than more file opne at a time)

snippets section is left out
------------
so its you choice ....but if you like them both you can transfer 
between both at anytime keeping the same info and lot loosing
one bit of it!


-------------
Known Bugs:

We are not aware of any bugs yet!

other stuff:
[The Sentence Maker]
This is a easy - to - use html sentence maker , just try it!

[the section maker]
use this to make neat little sections in your site. try it!

[html tags in snippets section]
displays over 15 diffrent tags instaltly , double click the one
you want to instantly add it to you page!

Thats it for the help..but hey..why would this program need help any
way huh!

HomeGrown Productions
creators of zz-soft 

CREDITS::::::::::::::::::::

Steven Dorman -- the CEO or President of HomeGrown Productions
Nathan Henderson -- the co-CEO or co-President of HomeGrown Production
Garret Ritchie -- the editor of HomeGrown Productions
Dustin Catt -- the co-editor of homegrown productions

REACHING US:::::::::::::::::

the companys email address :
h_g_p@hotmail.com

the ceos address :
seven__dust@hotmail.com

the co-ceos address :
disaster_peice_00@hotmail.com

the editors address :
rerat88@hotmail.com

the co-editors address :
greenscrunchers@hotmail.com

our web site :
http://www.h-g-p.tk

THANX FOR DOWNLOADING THIS PROGRAM FROM THE HGP STAFF!
